Usage Notes: Document format of profiles.json (#626)
CATcher-org/CATcher: docs/usage-notes.md

![session_select](https://imgur.com/nBOy7zH.png)

> ## Format of `profiles.json` 

Reviewer: Since this feature is mainly for customisation, let's move this section out of the `Get Started` section.
We can create a new top-level and place it after `Notes on using the Desktop App`.

Also, let's rename the section to `Customising the available sessions`, as it's better to explain the feature from the user's perspective.

> You can choose to load your custom sessions by clicking on the **file icon** beside the session dropdown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your sessions are not present in the default dropdown list on CATcher's startup page, you can load custom sessions by clicking on the **file icon** beside the session dropdown. 
```

Would be better to briefly explain why someone might want to use custom sessions.

Following which, submit a json file with the name `profiles.json`, where the format is specified below.

```json
{
    "profiles": [
        {
            "profileName": "CATcher", 
            "encodedText": "CATcher-org/public_data"
        }
    ]
}
```

The json supplied should only consist of **one key-pair value**, where the key is `"profiles"` and the value is an array of `Profiles` supplied, where each `Profile` is an object containing the `profileName` and `encodedText` fields. 

`profileName` refers to the profile name displayed in the session select page. `encodedText` refers to the repository which stores the required settings for your custom session. 

> > **Note**: You **must** have both of these fields in each `Profile` and no extra unnecessary fields! Else, the `profile.json` file that you have supplied will not be parsed successfully. 

Reviewer 2: I'm currently not checking for unnecessary fields, should we add that functionality in?

Author: Ah alright, I think we can leave it out for now! 

When we actually check for unnecessary fields, then one of us can update the dev notes whenever necessary!

> > **Note**: You **must** have both of these fields in each `Profile` and no extra unnecessary fields! Else, the `profile.json` file that you have supplied will not be parsed successfully. 

Reviewer 2: I think it'll be good to also state explicitly "no empty string" for field values.

Author: 👍

  - Note: the GUI menus may differ slightly on different Linux distributions.
- From the command line: Use `chmod +x CATcher-x.y.z.AppImage`

# Customising the available sessions 

If your sessions are not present in the default dropdown list on CATcher's startup page, you can load custom sessions by clicking on the **file icon** beside the session dropdown. 

Following which, submit a json file with the name `profiles.json`, where the format is specified below.

```json
{
    "profiles": [
        {
            "profileName": "CATcher", 
            "encodedText": "CATcher-org/public_data"
        }
    ]
}
```

> The json supplied should only consist of **one key-pair value**, where the key is `"profiles"` and the value is an array of `Profiles` supplied, where each `Profile` is an object containing the `profileName` and `encodedText` fields. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The json supplied should only consist of **one key-pair value**, where the key is `"profiles"` and the value is an array of `Profiles`, where each `Profile` is an object containing the `profileName` and `encodedText` fields. 
```

I think the supplied feels abit off here?

Author: 👍

> `profileName` refers to the profile name displayed in the session select page. `encodedText` refers to the repository which stores the required settings for your custom session. 

Reviewer 3: Encoded text technically represents `organisation/repository` instead of just repository. I'm not sure if we need to be specific about this but if no need then this sounds good! 👍

Author: No harm to be as specific as possible HAHA
